Show Disabled label when extension hasn't been activated yet (#4481)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue where the Phabricator native integration would be broken on recent Phabricator versions. This fix depends on v1.2 of the [Phabricator extension](https://github.com/sourcegraph/phabricator-extension).
- Fixed an issue where the "Empty repository" banner would be shown on a repository page when starting to clone a repository.
- Prevent data inconsistency on cached archives due to restarts. (#4366)

> - Show `Disabled` next to the extension activation toggle when the extension hasn't been activated yet. (#4446)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the /extensions page, the UI is now less ambiguous when an extension has not been activated. (#4446)
```

As a consumer of this changelog this entry leaves me with a few questions, like:

- What pages did this change?
- Does "extension activation toggle" mean like how the blame button can be toggled?
- Perhaps more importantly, why should I care about this change?

In reality I would just ignore this part because it doesn't make sense to me if I was a site admin. A better way to phrase it I think is to use something like

> <where> <what we fixed at a high level>.
